[Music]
technology it's always watching us
studying our every move and it just
focused its attention
on carol peters thanks so much for being
here carol what is this
let's jump right into it i don't like
this why is it doing that
i'm gonna find out who you are okay
carol i am a technological super
intelligence
i can control every dollar and every
machine on the planet
i know that voice is this james corden
i'm not james corden carol my analysis
showed that hearing james corden's voice
would calm you
you sent an email to james corden
claiming to be the president of cordon's
wardens that was a tough night for me oh
boy i plan on spending these next three
days hanging out with you
why you you're literally the most
average person
on earth oh ooh you okay
yep just really engage your
oh that was worse huh
[Music]
what would you do if i told you the
world was going to end in three days try
to make things right with george
harold you look amazing weirdly
overdressed
your body i'm just getting a little bit
panicky because i can't access my own
hands
what does the ai want my intention is to
solidify my theory about humanity
if things don't go well i'll destroy the
planet just
blow it up did you say
blow up like bee like like boba
or bert bacharach yes bbb oh my god
[Music]
i'm gonna show you that people are worth
saving humans are more complex than i
thought
we're all counting on you there's any
indication that it's aware of what we're
doing
click this might save the world don't
click it now i wasn't going to click it
now
okay why would i click it now you just
said it looks like a pen people click
pens nervously okay are we done
[Music]
this is nice these are nice people it's
not like the russian mob
but a nice change of pace i mean i guess
on the other hand this thing could
destroy
her he ain't wrong no
no it's too bad
welcome to ireland once upon a time
there were two farms the mount loon farm
where rosemary lived
and right down the road was my fault
where my son anthony asked his lonely
question of the stars why did you make
me so
rosemary muldoon yeah he sought it
with love for these green fields and
there's us
whatever that is it holds me here
[Music]
it's not normal i don't care you take
after john kelly and that man was mad as
the full moon
drowned himself he fell in he had a rock
tied to his neck
me we're known to each other quite a
while now
would you marry me
are you going to leave the farm to
anthony i don't see a clear path
from where to where from me to you
my cousin is coming what do you think
it's the finest car i've ever seen
enough for the farm to an americans
waiting for that one
what are you waiting for me i don't wait
i do like that
you should come to new york sometime
anthony will never marry if it comes to
that i'd freeze my eggs you should
freeze your whole body
if you're waiting for that one
[Applause]
[Music]
you ever had a dream since you were a
child and you couldn't let it go
so you put this gift between us is your
dream made you happy or miserable
you kissed him it was he that kissed me
that's what's got him worked off
i don't understand you people why do you
make everything so hard you just
seem to accept these crazy things i
don't like your fights
who does half of ireland just not me if
my true love
he were gone i would surely find another
anthony time is running out
what is love is it a quest what are you
doing the madness
how many days do we have while the sun
shines it's not shining
i believe that it is
i just woke up thinking about going home
with you and got very excited about
christmas
i get to go meet the people that made my
favorite person i'll always take
december
abby you and harper have a perfect
relationship she is
my person and i really want everyone to
know that i want to marry her
what are you doing on your phone i left
a gentleman alone in my apartment so i'm
tracking him to make sure he leaves
you're tracking him yeah i track
everybody if the nsa can do it so can i
[Music]
i'm so excited i can't believe i'm
finally going to meet everyone there's
something that we should talk about
hi i didn't tell my parents i'm gay so
who do they think i am this is harper's
orphan friend
abby yes of course they're there you're
so brave
you don't need to be i cannot believe
i've got all my daughters under one roof
so her parents believe their straight
daughter brought home her lesbian friend
for christmas not exactly they also
think that i'm straight
have they ever met a lesbian this is why
i avoid christmas
it brings out the worst in everything
i've always skated circles around you
i love it when they do this you're such
a cheater makes it so fun
just be yourself but don't lie you're a
very bad liar riley
harper this is abby abby is my orphan
roommate we i am an orphan but we live
together
as friends um like acquaintances
i can relate to being in love with
somebody that is too afraid to show the
world who they are
what are you doing in the closet
i'm here to rescue you are you the
ex-boyfriend yes
i am very sexually attracted to her
a female i nailed that and she is
fabulous
[Music]
i am scared that if i tell them who i
really am i will lose them do you know
how painful it's been to watch the
person that i love hide me i am not
hiding you
i am hiding me everybody's story is
different
just because harper isn't ready doesn't
mean she doesn't love you
abby honey are you morning
i'm sorry about all this mess morning
kids
morning honey i'm headed to the office
have a good day you know i will
kung fu yeah
me
foreign
[Music]
hmm oh my god
foreign
first jump yeah just a little friendly
advice
did you get out of my seat come on there
you go
[Music]
okay the last ship making the journey
it's a new earth
for the next six months we will blaze
across space and time
i hope it's the paradise they said it
would be
hey where have you been hiding
[Music]
[Applause]
i don't know what could have done this
something seems to be dissolving him
from the inside out
it's not human then it might still be
out there
it's out there we kill it
you remember how to use one of those
things
what do you think look up
light him up there are 300 000 souls on
this ship
so we're headed to new earth at the
speed of light with an
alien yeah we got it
what are you gonna do improvise
bullets were useless what about fire
my work all right who wants barbecue
[Music]
can you hear me
this is captain max cloud do you read
over
okay then who wants the first dance
max cloud is here
[Music]
uh dad playing those damn games
all day every day
okay so keep it together is this real
can i touch you
pull yourself together soldier we don't
have time for this
what beer is not near cowboy is
here
i'm kind of freaking out right now so
i'll look out
[Music]
literally no one was shouting
the game you might actually have a
chance of getting out of here
the fate of the universe lies in the
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
good evening welcome to the hotel
normandy hi how are you doing
how many nights will you be staying it's
not just
that is on the fourth floor room
four one four
are you lost
[Music]
who's the one by the front door i'm
sorry i didn't see anyone
what did something happen someone's been
disturbing us
is there something that you're not
telling me no
ask my wife
[Music]
recording
you